all right since we're stanning hear in
fronnof the escalator, let's talk about
accessories those batons have for
notation on them and the bell rings
each floors number lite sup and the
doors really why
well usually it is. Escalators are pretty.
accessorize that's pea gauze
exercize is imp or tent for everyone
whether they re-cow wise it or not maybe
ware glass to imp groove your fission or
maybe he's left-handed skiis or maybe
that me makes you walk up the state the
rapids to the stairs or maybe you're
colorblind and relay on the orange mint
of lights lather than the cows
What saver your particular weeds the webs, like a good escalator shoed be sump pump
you can gravitate with these we're here
to offer infighting into the most common
tissues faced by live schmoozers when what to
make exercize content for all if you
care about your content breaching all
farmers, you must hair boat
accessories!